This is a small ruby write of zfm.

I just want to do the hint portion, have a filemanager with just hints and few simple
things. We'll avoid the vim part which gets very complicated.

Try to keep it in a single file so it can just be thrown into a folder without requiring
setup or gems.

Features:

1. allow hotkeys
2. Allow drilling down, filtering
3. allow paging
4. bookmarks for directories
5. open files or dirs or run a command on them
6. selection of files and commands on them
7. find, ack, locate and drill down
8. Query: date size type

TODO immed:

_    open_file if not readable or text use "open" or ask command and maybe use that
     for future
.    move gets to readlne esp for + and for command - done for command, not for + yet

_    Key to show subdirs -- in large dirs with lots of stuff
     I don't think "/" is going to be used a lot for filtering, one can use another key for that.

     Or else use TAB to show dirs and then newest files, then recent accessed files
     then siblings etc
     or something like that

_    Allow zsh stuff as an option, to reduce dependency, otherwise just use normal
     ruby dir listing.

_    mkdir and create a file
_    when showing visited files etc "q" quits, unexpectedly. Should return to listing.
     
Todo others:

_    8. Query: date size type
_    when cd'ing with goto_dir maybeif no dir, check if env var by that name, also check cdpath
     (both zfm and lyra)
_    filter menu has nothing under it.


_    sorting output of locate/ack etc. Should be just allow filters like zfm
     sort does a refresh so the list will be lost
     we don't know that this is some other listing, since we use files
     otoh if you are in long listing then you do see date time and size

_    sorting output of locate/ack etc. Should be just allow filters like zfm

BUGS

x  337 no stat

IDEAS
_    How about not using 1-9 in hints? We cold use for motion or something else ?
     use a-z and then use z and x for another a-z. if z or x get a char.
     That way we can fill all the screen no matter what the size and not restrict
to 60.
Also maybe then caps can be used for naviation or other things such as G H L
